Today we are going to see who is better. ChatGPT 5.2, Gemini 3 Pro, or Claude 4.5.
By making all three of them recreate subway surfers in 30 minutes.
We will start off with ChatGPT.
What's up guys? Here we are on ChatGPT 5.2. And I'm gonna put it on thinking mode so that way it
thinks longer for better answers. So let's go and paste in our prompt here. Okay, here is our prompt
and I made it super, super detailed. So hopefully it can give us a good base game. I also attached
some images here to help it as well. Let's go and hit send and see what ChatGPT can cook up for us.
And we're also gonna start a 30 minute timer here as well. And looks like ChatGPT is already starting
to write the code. So hopefully it can give us a good base game and then we're gonna have it add
on later. All right guys, ChatGPT gave us the code back in about nine minutes. So let's go and copy
the code here and then paste it in. And it looks like we have over 1,500 lines of code. So that's
honestly pretty crazy. Oh wow, this actually looks pretty good. Guys, we're on Subway Runner,
not Subway Surfers. But let's go and click play and see what happens. Oh wow. Okay, this isn't bad.
So you can collect coins and you see them in the top corner. And it looks like it randomly generates
the map as well. I can jump and I can like crouch down. Like the coin animations honestly look pretty
good. We have like something we have to duck underneath it looks like. Oh my goodness, I just got hit.
Okay, for a first version, that's honestly not too bad. But let's go and ask ChatGPT to add like
trains and stuff. Okay, I'm asking it to add some trains like the actual game has. So hopefully
ChatGPT can cook up something crazy here. All right guys, ChatGPT just gave us the code back. And it
looks like we have about 16 minutes left. And in total, we have almost 2,000 lines of code. So
let's go and run this and see what happens. Oh wow. Okay, it looks like you can duck under obstacles
now. And we have like trains here and stuff. Yo, this actually looks pretty good. You know
what? Honestly, this game isn't that bad. So I'm gonna send it back to ChatGPT. See if
we can add a few things. Okay, why is there so many ducking things, bro? What is this game
like limbo or something? Oh my goodness.
A few moments later. All right, hopefully we should have a nice background now. So let's go
and copy this code and see what happens. Okay, that looks actually pretty cool. But let's see
if ChatGPT can like make that more to the sides to make it feel more like 3D. All right, ChatGPT
just finished up. And look at the background here. Honestly, it looks pretty solid. Now we have about
six minutes left. So I'm gonna see if we can add a few power ups and stuff. But for a game created in
like 20-ish minutes, this is pretty solid. And ChatGPT's already done pretty good so far. So I'm
really excited to see what Claude and Gemini can do because I think they're a lot more powerful
than ChatGPT. Oh my goodness. ChatGPT just crashed. ChatGPT, you might want to be careful
the next time you're out in public. Let's just say that. Okay, our timer just hit zero. So once
ChatGPT gives me the code back, we're gonna do a final playthrough of the game and rate it out of 10.
Bro, ChatGPT just crashed again. ChatGPT is falling off harder than Luke Skywalker in The Lost Jedi.
One hour later.
Alright guys, looks like ChatGPT's done. So let's go and give it a final playthrough.
Looks like we ended up at about 3,000 lines of code. So let's run this and see what happens.
Okay, here's the final version. And honestly, I mean, the menu looks pretty good. And yeah,
there's sound effects now. You hear that? And the power ups work. Like I have a magnet right now.
And it's letting me collect all the coins. I mean, you can jump up and down. You can crouch.
It keeps track of your score and tells you your best score in the corner as well. And it also
keeps track of your coins. And it looks like it's getting faster over time as well. I mean,
honestly, this game is pretty fun. Like jump over obstacles and stuff. They have different heights.
Oh no. Okay, I still got a score of 30,000 though. Honestly, for a game created in like 30 minutes,
I'm gonna give it a 7 out of 10. But I have high hopes for the next AI. So let's see what they can do.
All right, guys, here we are on Gemini. And let's make sure we have it on pro mode here. So that
way it thinks longer for advanced math and code. Let's go ahead and paste our prompt in here. So
we have our prompt right here. I'm gonna go ahead and click send. And then let's start our 30 minute
timer. Hopefully Gemini can cook up something pretty crazy here. All right, so Gemini just finished.
And let's copy our code and paste it in here. And it looks like we only have 800 lines of code. Okay,
subway runner 3d tap to play. Um,
it actually isn't bad. Although it's not like you're running for it. It's more like the stuff is
coming towards you. I mean, for a first version, honestly, this is actually pretty good. We have
like trains and stuff as well. We have a score counter and a coin counter as well. I'm gonna send
it back to Gemini though and see what it can cook up. Oh, and the death animation is pretty cool as
well. Okay. So now that we have the base game in place, I'm gonna use Gemini code assist over here
to help us finish the rest of it. And I'm just gonna put it on default. So that way you can pick
which one it thinks is best for the specific task. I told it to improve the graphics a lot and move the
screen down a bit. So let's see what it can do. And again, what I love about Gemini is it just
automatically makes the changes to your code. So you don't have to do anything else.
One eternity later. Okay. This looks really good, but it feels like the objects are coming
towards me and not like I'm actually going towards the objects. If that makes sense.
I'm gonna ask Gemini to change up a few things real quick and we'll see what it can do.
Gemini is done and we still have about 19 minutes left. So let's go and run this and see what happens.
Oh my goodness. There's actually like a police officer behind me now. Hey, wait,
this actually looks amazing. What? Wow. Okay. We still have so much time left. I want to see what
else Gemini can cook up. Ask it for a jetpack powerup plus sound effects.
Okay. We have like, Oh, look at this jumping animation. We have like sound effects too.
And for crouching. That's actually pretty nice. Apparently there's a jetpack powerup somewhere
in here. So let's see if I can find that. Is that it right there? Oh my goodness. I'm like flying.
Oh, and it spawns coins up in the sky. Yo, that is insane. So I'm going to see if we can add sound
effects for the coins and stuff and maybe a few more powerups. Let's see what we can get in.
All right, guys. Apparently we got some new powerups as well. So let's see if we can find them.
Also just look at these like animations and stuff. Oh, here's a new powerup, the magnet right here.
Look at magnets, all the coins towards you. Oh wait, I got super boots. Look,
I can jump way higher now. Oh my goodness. I'm LeBron James. And when you die now,
it shows you your best score. Okay. This is actually pretty cool. We have about seven minutes
left. So let's see what else we can add. I'm asking it for a character selection menu. So
that should be pretty cool. Guys, here we are in, wow, we have a shop button and a play button.
Plus we can change our character color. I'm going to go and put us on green. In the shop,
you can buy jetpacks and powerups for different coin amounts. It's like you can level up your powerups
here and then you can buy a headstart for 2000 coins. All right, guys, we have about a minute left.
So I'm going to go and stop here, see if we can add a few last minute changes before we play the
final version. All right, for our last prompt, I wanted to add some background music and also give
us 5,000 points to test out the headstart feature and maybe do even more realistic graphics. So see
if Gemini can do that. All right, guys, looks like Gemini just finished writing all the code and we
ended at about 1,700 lines of code. So honestly, that's not too bad. Okay, here's our final version.
I have a bit of an animation hovering over these buttons here. Let's go and select purple for our
player color. Before we play, let's go and go to the shop. I just gave us 3,000 coins for fun. So
we can test out some of this stuff. So I'm going to buy a headstart for 2,000 coins and then I'm
going to increase our jetpack duration by one and increase our magnet duration as well. So let's go
and give us a final playthrough. Oh my goodness. You hear that background music I added and let's use
our headstart. Oh my goodness. This headstart is insane. Wow. This headstart is actually crazy.
This background music is such a vibe. Here's a magnet power. Oh, a mystery power up. Oh my
goodness. That just gave us 1,500 coins. I also changed the textures to make it more like a neon
city. Another mystery box. Oh, I got a free headstart. Let's go. I mean, just look at these
animations and stuff. Plus this background song is actually so good. What? This is definitely a
better game than what ChadGPT made. I think overall, I'm going to have to give this game a 9 out of 10
considering it was made in about 30 minutes. If you guys want to see me make a video where I test
out an AI for like five plus hours, please let me know in the comments down below. And if these
videos continue to do well, I'll definitely have to do that pretty soon. No, I died. Let's hop
straight into Claude, I guess. All right, guys, here we are on Claude AI. And if you guys don't know,
this is probably the best out of the three AIs for making video games. So let's see what it can cook up.
I'm going to make sure it's on Opus 4.5 mode because it's most capable for complex work.
Here's our prompt and I'm going to go and click send and we'll see what Claude can do. Claude is
honestly like the final boss of AIs. Like just look at it code right there. Oh my gosh. While Claude
is coding, if you guys have any other video ideas, please let me know in the comments down below and
I'll try to get to every single one of them if I have enough time. Okay, looks like Claude gave us the
first version. So let's check it out. Oh, wow. Okay. For some reason, the track's floating,
but we'll worry about that later. Okay. The coins actually have like arcs for jumps. That's
actually insane. Wow. So that's some pretty nice base obstacles. I think the textures on everything
just already look better than the other AIs. And we have a crouch animation here as well.
Of course, it collects our coins and shows us our score in the top right corner. Looks like we have
to crouch underneath these things. Oh, wow. Oh my goodness. Okay. For first version, it's not bad.
Let's see if we can get it to add some things though. All right, guys. So we hopped over to Claude
code so that way you can edit this quicker. And we're just going to give it a prompt real quick
over here. All right. Here's our prompt here. And I told it to add a bunch of different stuff. So
let's see what it can do. It says it's going to add well over 900 new lines of code. And we're at
about 1,800 right now. And while Claude is coding this, guys, please smack the like button down below
the video. It only takes you like one second. And it really helps me out to continue pushing out
these videos as soon as possible. All right, guys. Claude just finished that. And we still have
about 20 minutes left. Apparently we have a sound system, character customizer. You can be like an
alien, a robot, a ninja, power up system, a store system. And with it adding that much, I really
think this is going to crash or something, but let's see. Okay. Let's click on the store first.
Oh, wow. Okay. So you can like buy power-ups here. Unfortunately, right now, guys, we're broke
just like I am in real life. Moving on. It's like we have a power up over here.
Oh, I got a magnet power. Okay. That sound is kind of annoying, but it actually works. Nice.
Oh, I got a rocket ship power up. I'm flying now. And it shows you how long you have left at the
bottom. That's actually really cool. Wow. All right. Let's see if we can tell it to add a few
more features and see what it can do. Okay. I really wanted to improve the graphics here. So
let's see if we can actually do that. The problem is in HTML, it's really hard to make a really good
looking graphics, but in the future, I might try and use some other game engines. Okay. Claude just
finished up and we have about five minutes left. Apparently has four different types of hoverboards.
Oh my goodness. Mystery boxes. Hey, we're at about 4,000 lines of code. So let's see how this goes.
Oh, I just got a daily reward. What? Okay. These graphics actually look pretty solid. I think
they look the best out of any game so far. Look at these clouds and stuff by the cities.
I have a hoverboard on right now. I think. All right. We're going to give Claude one more prompt
and then see what the final play through looks like. A few moments later. All right, guys,
here we are in the final version that Claude made. So let's go and test it out. And just from the
menu, you can see the text is animated here and the play button is as well. We have our high score
here as well and our total coin count. So let's go and hit play. Okay. This game looks
pretty solid and look. Oh my goodness. I just got a hoverboard. Look at this. It has animations
on it and everything. Wow. This hoverboard is actually crazy. What game is definitely the
most challenging out of any of the other ones so far. There's a lot of obstacles you need to be
looking out for. Oh my goodness. How am I still alive? I'm still alive. No. Okay. That was actually
so fun. What? Even just the background animations look so clean as well. And it starts out slower and
then slowly gets more fast. Okay. I know I joke about this every game, but if you actually spent some
more time and improve the textures a bit, you could post this as a mobile game and then charge ad
money and get so rich. Now, subway servers, if you're watching this video, that is totally a joke
and please do not come to my house. FBI, open up! This game's actually crazy. What?
No, I got a high score though. Okay. That was actually crazy fun and we did manage to get a high
score. So that's pretty awesome as well. Overall, I have to give this game a 10 out of 10 for a game
created in about 25 minutes. This is honestly crazy. If I had more time, maybe in the future,
I'll make an even better version of this. And also that subway server's text reminds me of something.
Wait, is that what I think it is?